Is Malignance only changed for Eclipse or for other procs like electrocute as well?

Zeri was buffed, PREPARE YOUR PRO PLAY !

They actually went through with the Kraken Slayer changes. Wasn't mentioned in the Patch preview last week.

I'm super excited that Vanguard is already breaking the client before it's even introduced.

*nervous laughter*

It says bonus movement speed on Shyvana’s W increased, but it seems like it actually decreased? +.8% AP to +.12% AP?

Wow, they did not go through with the Stridebreaker changes. Disappointing, because that item is going to remain useless

They really reverting Ezreal’s Q and R buffs by saying “we’re buffing quite a few of his core items”, by just buffing Essence Reaver by 5 AD.

Are these Pyke buffs not obscenely massive, for a champ that still sees high elo and pro play occasionally? He has above a 50% winrate in diamond+ already, why are they buffing him this hard? It makes no sense. He's literally perfectly balanced in high elo right now and they're buffing him HARD.

\&gt; Pyke  
\&gt; Base armor increased. Q damage increased, mana cost decreased. E bonus movement speed increased. E damage decreased.

\&gt;E - Phantom Undertow  
\&gt;    Damage: 105/145/185/225/265 (+100% bonus AD) ⇒ 100/150/200/250/300 (+100% bonus AD)  


You can clearly tell that the people that writes these are not the same people that does the balancing. Like there has to be talks that his damage is either adjusted, net buffed, or that what they said is intended and that this is straight up wrong.

Wow, those lillia nerfs are heavy. She’s losing around 100 dmg per Q at full build

real Lethality nerfs waiting room

Riot is really trying to make Zyra a mid laner by nerfing her mana regen early and make her more offensive with Q mana Cost and W refund.


Unless she gets giga buffed to be played mid it just won't happen because the upgraded support item just offers too much of a power spike and her kit is reliant on using spell effects rather the actual damage she offers. So Rylai, Liandry, and whatever she can use to debuff the enemy with.

God forbid we nerf Senna and Bard. These 2 have been such a plague its crazy, ig they got Maokai atleast.

We want to buff On-Hit and Crit ADCs!  


Proceeds to buff Kraken primarily for overleveled champions (mid, top, NOT Adc) and straight nerf Shiv and Stormrazor

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

huh?

Kaenic Rookern is still probably OP and I don't think this item is balanceable as it is, I'm expecting it to show up in the patch notes a lot more times this season.

ROA buffs still do not make it attractive on AP fighters outside of its current buyers IMO, in Phreak's last couple videos he keeps saying listing champs that should consider ROA but an item that gives no haste and no effect besides flat AP, hp, mana is just not good outside of niche cases.

Personally I don't think Rocketbelt is too strong right now (or at least I haven't noticed it being too strong) so I don't get why they keep repeat nerfing it.  

Expecting Ludens to still feel weak.

_____

Excited to play some Maokai top this patch, hopefully this doesn't result in immediately turning around and nerfing him again in top and jungle.

Also excited for Wukong top to be viable, really like Wukong in top lane and it hasn't been viable in such a long time.

Probably still not going to play Taliyah, these changes still don't address the item system not really supporting her.  Even with more damage she will still likely feel worse to play than she did last season with Mythic Liandry.

Also still waiting on new bots, that was one of the changes I've been waiting for most, most of the bots in custom games will either break or are just too dumb.

Yorick getting to proc the maiden with no cd is so wildly more impactful than any other change for him.  He now actually scales with something other than ad!  on the other hand, bork into pure tank is probably horrendously broken.

“Fixed a bug that caused Hullbreaker to not work on simulated attacks such as Urgot’s W.”  

This is big! Actually LARGE!

Brand nerf is a slap on the wrist, champ will still be S+ Tier.

Also fuck those Pyke buffs, champ is only weak in low Elo (even there 48% at worst), he is hovering between 49-50% in mid-to high. Buffing his already BS movement speed, might as well just give him a bink to cursor location so he can perma roam on the map esier. This champ is giga cancer when meta (especially if they rush Umbral Glaive), don't need to push him into S-Tier.

Kaenic Rookern will remain meta defining as well until the cost or the shield CD is nerfed significantly. This single item shuts down so many AP champs to an unhealthy extent. And I say this as a Maokai main, so it's not like I don't abuse the item myself.

Bless Vanguard delay

Where zac nerfs??? How is this champion allowed to heal so much, be so durable, be flexed into multiple roles and perform, while outputting a lot of damage and using the new tank items so well?

shaco box wont be one shot by grubs, we won guys

Feel like those Azir nerfs aren't close to enough.

He is one of those champions that should never be close to 50%.

Hubris went unnerfed on ARAM and Sundered didn't get the full nerfs and somehow Stormsurge got additional aram nerfs when this item proc is now less than a Luden proc even for melees.

Bruisers and ADs building Hubris and being AD poke mages are dominating aram and somehow they still think Ziggs and Xerath who are bottom 10/20 winrate are a problem with their omni debuffs.

LOL Protobelt nerfs even though item is already trash to begin with. Not even Ekko runs it anymore. What a joke of a patch

I wish they’d just remove Statikk Shiv rather than try to tune. I feel like it is in the same situation as the original Stridebreaker where eliminating a core weakness of a champion makes it impossible to balance. Giving champions like Vayne or LeBlanc wave clear is the same as giving Darius a dash.

Wow that Lillia nerf is HUGE! I wonder by how much her wr will drop, I reckon about 4-5%?

LOL crit adc items getting nerfed with no compensation

Hextech alternator now has 65 damage on a 40 second cooldown. Glad I don't play mages because that is sad

&gt;Bugfixes &amp; QoL Changes

&gt;Quickplay  
**Quickplay surrender rules have been corrected.**

What does this mean? What is going to change?

Do we know when the new mastery changes are supposed to happen?

No stride breaker changes?

“This change also means that we are pushing back Vanguard’s launch from 14.4 to 14.5”

Well I guess I have 2 more patches until I have to forever say goodbye to league. (unless I somehow get a Mac VM working)

Remove the stupid level up passive on ROA and shift the power budget back into the stats.

The level-up does not at all contribute to the "scaling" power fantasy of the item, in fact it makes you feel like your stat stick is underpowered and useless late game because you already got the level up power from it.

If you get it on say TF, you absolutely don't care about going from level 13 to 14, it's basically irrelevant

The Pyke buffs...? I thought he was already strong...

&gt;Shyvana: W bonus movement speed increased.

Seems fair enough.

&gt;Changes scaling from 0.8% to 0.12%

Bruh.

These mage items are just not it bro. Rush storm surge do any real damage and go OoM from ~1.5 spell rotations and have no haste. Build ludens and do anemic damage. Malignance is not a good option unless your ult abuses it. Seems like tear + liandry’s or storm surge and cdr boots is the way to go into a delayed seraphs.

They basically reverted all of the Corki nerfs lol.

W is almost completely buffed.

Package Duration is interesting way of nerfing, but I think it's not that important, although it might be enough to kick him out of P/B in Pro Play.

Taliyah &amp; Wukong buffs are gonna be interesting, both champions will probably see more prio since Corki/Azir has been nerfed. 

No direct Xin nerfs but his items getting hit a bit as well might be the catalyst for teams to try WuKong more.

"After reporting a player for Verbal Abuse and/or Hate Speech, you will receive a pop-up at the end of the game where you can easily block the player or change your chat settings. To prevent this pop up from showing each time, you can use the "Do not show this again" toggle. If you want to re-enable the modal later you can do so in Settings &gt; Chat &amp; Friends."

This is worthless. Has anyone else tried blocking people? It has a hard limit of something like 500 or 1000 players. Once you reach it you can't block any more players. And if you want to delete some blocked players the game is a laggy mess, the client freezes, and you don't know what blocked players to delete first.

How did bard escape nerfs? It seems like the champ can build anything and be super reliable.

Just took Lillia out back and shot her huh :(

Vanguard delayed, one extra patch of league for me

[deleted]

Why isn't Renekton being balanced after 3 patches in the shitter with no fix for his numerous bugs on W interaction with items on sight?

Of course people enjoy shyvana ap, its miserable playing AD compared to AP.

I do appreciate the buffs they tried to giving shyv ad tho... its just that she cant AA people to death anymore lol, too much mobility in the game.

Just yesterday did I mention to someone how I hope that Vanguard never comes to League, not being aware of this...

Holy fucking shit, Vanguard single-handedly fucks up my PC. Literally any issues, crashes, blue screens, all went away after uninstalling Vanguard, not even Valorant, but just Vanguard

Fuck this shit. Fuck this shit so much.

I don't like Valorant, and I suck at Valorant, but I was still open to playing it nonetheless, but Vanguard was the sole reason that drove me away from it

And now... League will be plagued by this cancer too? Fuck this shit so fucking much.

I seriously, seriously despise Riot. I've already hated Riot for everything else, but this is something else. Fuck this shit.

It’s crazy they are buffing ziggs botlane, it is the biggest cancer in the game. His q hit box is crazy after they buffed it last season. What are they doing?

So, when is URF gonna happen



