Finally they buffed Kog'maw for Imaqtpie

Thank god tf won’t be in 95% of my games anymore

I think those Brand Jgl Buffs are a mistake...

Im still not wasting an item slot on the dogshit that is storm surge

IMO The Maokai changes are going to nerf top and jungle Maokai more than they are going to nerf Support Maokai.  Support Maokai builds Boots of Swiftness, Solstice Sleigh, and Trailblazer and is zipping around while jungle and top is going to be way more punished by a 5 MS nerf, that's more toplane footraces he loses and 5MS slower on his clears while Swifties+Trailblazer will still be faster than the average champion's walk speed.  Maybe the Sunfire buffs make these nerfs feel less bad but the Frozen Heart nerf also directly effects all top/jungle tanks with little access to haste.  

I'm really hoping that I'm wrong about the Seraphine changes and that they land better than the last big changes because IMO she was significantly less fun after the 13.21(pretty sure this was the patch) changes and I stopped playing her as even the farming builds moved to stuff like Staff of Flowing Water.  I personally do not want to play as an enchanter or build enchanter items.

Otherwise I think they could have taken a harder swing at Eve, that champ is probably still going to be way too strong.

Wasnt brand already one of the fastest junglers?

Senna nerfs should be bigger imo.

I’m pretty sure Frozen Heart is the most built Tank Item not just because its efficient, but because the main way people deal with Tanks is through heavy sustained damage AD characters due to their access to BorK and other similarly strong Tank busting effects.

"Fixed a bug that caused Azir's passive tower creation SFX and VFX to play repeatedly upon spawning the tower."

End of an era

"Brand jg power is appropiate". I think they didn't notice he is one of the best jg in the game.


&gt;damage 200% &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; 215% 


???????

Can someone keep playing Senna vs Phreak and knock him down to masters with it

I can't believe they buffed Brand again before they even touched Sejuani.

All they need to do is this:

A)Make it so Large, medium and small monsters don't prock her passive, but Epic monsters do. This will increase her clear speed a bit by having her keep her armor and MR, but will not increase her damage/tankines  for toplane/ganking. 

B)Or at least make it so that they CAN prock it, but they CAN'T reset the cooldown after it's procked. This at least makes it so you can use your passive on every camp. Instead of only 1 or 2.
 
If you have even 1% knowledge of how to clear jungle camps, you will see that you only have your passive up only on the first camp, and it's 12 second cooldown, so even if you go through midlane to the other side of the jungle, the passive is still on cooldown(early game).

Edit:format

Idk why they are so hesitant to nerf 55wr champs. Like you could metaphorically cut off maokai's right arm and he'd still be 50wr, just fucking gut him already. If he falls REALLY badly in winrate then you can just buff him in increments that match these non-existent nerfs until hes balanced.

Hmmm, are those Senna nerfs really enough to tap her down? Sounds kind of small to me

Jg Diana hanging out at 47%…. Let’s buff brand again he is at 50.25% 

Alright so... personal complaint. 

Riot, let's talk about Celestial Opposition. We had a very similar passive in mythics, called Crown of the Shattered Queen. Who built it? Primarily squishy champions with short range and high damage or those who were at risk of being assassinated, correct? 

So why then are we expecting this to be a tank item? Its stats are completely agnostic (all support items hold the same stats) and tank supports have to be front line *all the time*, not just every 18-20 seconds. Tank supports are expected to eat poke. They're expected to look for engages from the front. They're expected to peel. Celestial Opposition's only 'peel' is a small circle aoe slow when popped. It really doesn't benefit the adc. You're a tank support like Rell/Leona/Alistar: You have buttons to make yourself harder to kill. Why are we expecting them to be THAT greedy to be the last one standing? Why are we expecting melee tanks to want a Banshee style shield? 

This item isn't for tanks and hoping they'll pick it up is a bit weird. Nautilus aside (he's deceptively squishy), the primary supports that would want this are Renata, Rakan... and I guess like enchanters vs assassins that could pick them off before they get to hyper buff an adc. 

Celestial Opposition doesn't have a home because a tank support rarely has reason to be so greedy as to prioritize their own life over the utility Sleigh or really Bloodrazor get to provide. At least Bloodrazor's amp means my opponent can't just ignore me, and CO just incentivizes it. I don't believe this item will ever be the 'correct' tank support choice (outside Naut vs a ton of burst). It should be viewed as a counter dive option for enchanters who give up some of their capabilities to hyper buff an ADC for the uptime through a fight doing so.

They should just give Seraphine more solo lane strength because they've been trying to "support" Support Seraphine for like 3 years and it still is the weakest role. At some point they're gonna keep beating a dead horse and them no one will play the champion.


Just give Seraphine solo lane strength and she won't be seen bot lane as an APC. Make her more level reliant like she use to.

Placebo Senna nerfs, you love to see it. 

Maybe it’s time to realize if she has any power at all she is unable to be balanced. Infinite scaling on champion that doesn’t have the pressure of farming or needing gold is just absurd. Unlimited range potential free attack speed and crit. It’s truly ridiculous

"Smolder is currently in a healthy spot"

Are we playing the same video game?

Nothing about transfers?

&gt; Frozen Heart is currently the most built tank item in the game

Yeah maybe if Randuins wasn't so terrible that even manaless champs that want AS reduction are forced to go FH, it would not be so skewed. Give Randuins it's AS reduction back.

Is vanguard coming with this patch?

I'm pretty sure these changes won't affect support Seraphine at all, she will still be at 47%-48% winrate, APC will lose winrate (because of the waveclear execute removal), but it will still be good (due to longer CC).

Support Seraphine players don't bother to learn how to build their champ, some patches ago they literally changed her hard to build enchanter items (less CD in her W, no AP ratio in W's heal and AP ratios nerfs in her Q with base damage increase), what happened is that low elo players and casuals (its highest playerbase) kept building AP items and maxing Q while high elo players just played her APC with enchanter items which created a very toxic champ with 55% winrate as APC whose only purpose was to spam W mid/lategame because of how broken that skill is.

Riot should just give up with her, she won't work 100% in support unless they rework her which I would despise because they'd be killing a very unique champion due to their insistence of pleasing low elo and casual players who don't even know how to properly build her.

Ah yes Smolder's passive Dragon patience he just waits now

these rek changes will feel fucking great, thanks mr phreak

How much do we wanna bet that Maokai is gonna sit on 54% winrate? What will -1s (0.7s after ability haste) CD on his W even accomplish when he’s known for his all ins? What will -5ms even do when Support Maokai goes swiftness boots and Trailblazer?

How many more placebo nerfs do they need to give this Champion and why is he favoured by the balance team?

So TF's journey as an ADC is just over? The experiment was a failure and science went too far? Okay.

Begs the question as to why they'd make the changes to begin with.

Vayne and Twisted fate nerfs, you absolutely love to see

Cause Brand certainly needed jungle buffs, one of the most oppressive junglers in the game with the fastest clears needs a buff. 

&gt; Despite our efforts in Patch 14.2 he’s still coming up a bit short 

Veigar: "IS THAT A SHORT JOKE?"

&gt; summoner levels over 1000 had stopped receiving rewards.

Ah, yes, coding in a de facto cap without thinking players would ever get there. Spaghetti code.

Nerfing Seraphine's passive and Q against minions has to be some of the biggest "feelbad" nerfs I've ever seen. I doubt that it will top the time that they nerfed Renekton's empowered W duration, but it's gonna be pretty bad.

Where are all the people that have been saying that Evelynn wasn't broken?

That somehow invading her was a magical solution that is guaranteed 100% to shut her down?

That insisted that her appearing out of nowhere and bursting you down then escaping with her ult wasn't somehow a broken thing?

That a champ is able to build Mejai as a core item instead of it being a situtional win-more item as it should be?

I don't know if those nerfs are going to prevent her from consistently doing those things but it is a step on the right direction. Now the only question is, why it took so much time for Riot to nerf her, when Evelynn was broken since last year?

They didnt touch karma or malignance, wtf Shes sitting at a super high winrate/pick rate/ban rate

How is janna avoiding nerfs patch after patch....

I think Smolder's E is now the first exponentially-scaling, infinitely-stacking ability in the game.

The damage and number of procs both scale now meaning the total damage is proportional to the square of his stacks.

e.g. (only looking at the stack damage)

100 stacks:

(5 + (100s / 50)) * (100s / 5)

= 7 * 20

= 140 magic damage from stacks.


1000 stacks:

(5 + (1000s / 50)) * (1000s / 5)

= 25 * 200

= 5000 magic damage from stacks (35.7x the 100 stack damage)


10,000 stacks:

(5 + (10,000s / 50)) * (10,000s / 5)

= 205 * 2000

= 410,000 magic damage from stacks (82x the 1000 stack damage, 2928x the 100 stack damage)

Still no Sion buffs 🥲

Dragon patience lmao

Who would've thought that frozen heart will be broken at 2.3k when it had to be nerfed when it costed 2.5k a year ago xd

Philippines server getting Vanguard o7

Aram balance changes always seem AI generated for some reason, could swear something like renektons bonus healing was pretty inconsequential compared to say…. Aatroxs?

Soft nerf to Maokai and no nerf to Janna, cringe Phreak

Ad TF gutted super hard but "support" Senna that outdamages the actual carry only 10% damage reduction on Q lmao

the new font is fucking aids

Glad they got rid of the healing nerfs to Zac and instead opted for a puny damage nerf. Wouldn't want him to be less than S+ tier for a single patch.

Nerf aurelion for aram already. ,

This balance team has no idea what the fuck they are doing wholly fucking shit

25% gang

Why did they shadow nerf the in-game text font, though?

Seraphine: 

\&gt;300% minion damage modifier has been removed

\&gt;Damage amp no longer affects non-champions

Jesus christ I didn't like the lane either, Riot but how is she even supposed to...*exist* now? Like where does she go? Support? 

Also no Mao nerfs this patch. Why.

Edit: my bad, Mao nerfs are this patch, I still don't think they're gonna be enough.

Why say Seraphine got adjusted when she got outright nerfed on all skills?



